# mocp-theme-skill by skill
# MOC theme for use with a skill-theme terminal color scheme

background            = default default
frame                 = default default
window_title          = yellow  default
directory             = default default
selected_directory    = yellow  default
playlist              = blue    default
selected_playlist     = default default bold
file                  = default default
selected_file         = cyan    default
marked_file           = default default bold
marked_selected_file  = cyan    default bold
info                  = default default
selected_info         = default default
marked_selected_info  = cyan    default bold
marked_info           = cyan    default bold
status                = cyan    default
title                 = cyan    default bold
state                 = default default
current_time          = cyan    default
time_left             = yellow  default
total_time            = default default
time_total_frames     = default default
sound_parameters      = default default
legend                = default default
disabled              = default default
enabled               = default default bold
empty_mixer_bar       = cyan    default
filled_mixer_bar      = black   cyan
empty_time_bar        = cyan    default
filled_time_bar       = default cyan
entry                 = yellow  default
entry_title           = red     default
error                 = red     default bold
message               = yellow  default
plist_time            = cyan    default bold
